cpqHeEventLogEntrySeverityTxt:	SWITCH  : {cpqHeEventLogEntrySeverity} 2=Informational,3=infoWithAlert,6=Repaired,9=Caution,15=Critical
cpqHeEventLogEntryClassTxt:	SWITCH	: {cpqHeEventLogEntryClass} 11=Power
#cpqHeEventLogInitialYHex:	
cpqHeEventLogInitialTimeTxt:	UNPACK	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialTime} H12
cpqHeEventLogInitialYHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialTimeTxt} 0 4
cpqHeEventLogInitialMHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialTimeTxt} 4 2
cpqHeEventLogInitialDHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialTimeTxt} 6 2
cpqHeEventLogInitialHHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialTimeTxt} 8 2
cpqHeEventLogInitialmHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialTimeTxt} 10 2
cpqHeEventLogInitialY:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialYHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogInitialM:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialMHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogInitialD:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialDHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogInitialH:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialHHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogInitialm:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogInitialmHex} hex

cpqHeEventLogUpdateTimeTxt:	UNPACK	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateTime} H12
cpqHeEventLogUpdateYHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateTimeTxt} 0 4
cpqHeEventLogUpdateMHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateTimeTxt} 4 2
cpqHeEventLogUpdateDHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateTimeTxt} 6 2
cpqHeEventLogUpdateHHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateTimeTxt} 8 2
cpqHeEventLogUpdatemHex:	SUBSTR	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateTimeTxt} 10 2
cpqHeEventLogUpdateY:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateYHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogUpdateM:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateMHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogUpdateD:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateDHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogUpdateH:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdateHHex} hex
cpqHeEventLogUpdatem:		CONVERT	: {cpqHeEventLogUpdatemHex} hex
